Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Mave Technologies, Inc.  All rights reserved.

Subject to the terms of this notice, Mave Technologies grants you a
nonexclusive, nontransferable license, without the right to sublicense, to
(a) install and execute one copy of these files for testing purposes on any
number of workstations or mobile devices owned or controlled by you and (b)
distribute verbatim copies of these files to third parties. As a condition
to the foregoing grant, you must provide this notice along with each copy
you distribute and you must not remove, alter, or obscure this notice. All
other use, reproduction, modification, distribution, or other exploitation
of these files is strictly prohibited, except as may be set forth in a
separate written license agreement between you and Mave Technologies. The
terms of any such license agreement will control over this notice. The
license stated above will be automatically terminated and revoked if you
exceed its scope or violate any of the terms of this notice.

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of Mave Technologies, except as required
for reasonable and customary use of these files and reproducing the content
of this notice. You may not mark or brand this file with any trade name,
trademarks, service marks, or product names other than the original brand
(if any) provided by Mave Technologies, and you may not remove or hide any
existing mark or brand provided by Mave Technologies, except as may be set
forth in a separate written license agreement between you and Mave
Technologies.

Unless otherwise expressly agreed by Mave Technologies in a separate
written license agreement, these files are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, including without any implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, or NON-INFRINGEMENT. As a
condition to your use of these files, you are solely responsible for such
use. Mave Technologies will have no liability to you for direct, indirect,
consequential, incidental, special, or punitive damages or for lost profits
or data.
